BD-3192 WhatsApp phone number migration (#7560)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/whatsapp/overview/phone_number_migration.md

---
nav_title: WhatsApp Phone Number Migration
article_title: WhatsApp Phone Number Migration
page_order: 1
description: "This reference article covers how to migrate your WhatsApp phone number."
page_type: reference
channel:
  - WhatsApp
---

# WhatsApp phone number migration

> Migrate your WhatsApp phone number between WhatsApp Business Accounts by using Meta's Embedded Signup.

## Prerequisites

Your phone number must meet Meta's requirements to be eligible for migration:

- Your Meta Business Account is verified.
- Your existing WhatsApp Business Account is approved.
- Your existing WhatsApp Business Account has a valid payment method in **Payment Settings**.
- Your business phone number has two-step verification turned off. If you own your WhatsApp Business Account, you can turn off two-step verification on their number in the WhatsApp Manager. Otherwise, you must ask your Solution Provider to turn it off for you.

> For information on migrating your WhatsApp phone number, see Meta's documentation for [Migrating phone numbers between WhatsApp Business Accounts via embedded signup](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/business-management-api/guides/migrate-phone-to-different-waba/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on migrating your WhatsApp phone number, see Meta's documentation for [Migrating phone numbers between WhatsApp Business Accounts via Embedded Signup](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/business-management-api/guides/migrate-phone-to-different-waba/).
```
Flagging this in case it should be initial caps 🤔

## Migrating your WhatsApp phone number

> Follow the [migration steps](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/business-management-api/guides/migrate-phone-to-different-waba/#migration-steps) provided by Meta's embedded sign-up experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [migration steps](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/business-management-api/guides/migrate-phone-to-different-waba/#migration-steps) provided by Meta's Embedded Signup.
```
